build: Commit ignored files to fix Docker (#4400)
eclipse/kura: README.md

and select the profiles you want to build.

> ### Building Eclipse Kura Docker/Podman Containers

Reviewer: I feel like "Kura Container" is descriptive enough.

Additionally I would use the same header style as the "Build script" section, since the Kura containers build is still part of the "Build Kura" section.

```suggestion
#### Building Eclipse Kura Containers
```

The kura container build process currently only supports x86 containers. Following the instructions below will build two containers. One based on Alpine Linux ```kura-alpine-x86_64```, and another on Ubi8 ```kura-ubi8-x86_64```.

> Change to the new directory and clone the Kura repo:
> 
> ```bash
> git clone -b develop https://github.com/eclipse/kura.git
> ```
> 
> Move inside the newly created directory and build the target platform:
> 
> ```bash
> mvn -f target-platform/pom.xml clean install
> ```
> 
> Build the core components:
> 
> ```bash
> mvn -f kura/pom.xml clean install
> ```
> 
> Build the examples (optional):
> 
> ```bash
> mvn -f kura/examples/pom.xml clean install
> ```
> 
> Build the target profiles:
> 

Reviewer: This instructions are already explained [here](https://github.com/eclipse/kura#build-kura). There's no need to repeat ourselves. Just reference them.

```suggestion
Build Kura as per [our instructions](https://github.com/eclipse/kura#build-kura). To build the containers you'll need to change the target of the "Build the target profiles" step like the following:

```

```bash
mvn -f kura/distrib/pom.xml clean install -DbuildAllContainers
```

> After this command runs, images can be found in your docker/podman image list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this command runs, images can be found in your preferred container engine image list.
```

> > *Note*: You can skip tests by adding `-Dmaven.test.skip=true` in the commands above and you can compile a specific target by specifying the profile (e.g. `-Praspberry-pi-armhf`).
> 

Reviewer: Redundant, we already explained that in: https://github.com/eclipse/kura#build-kura

```suggestion
```
